<p id="bottom">bottom</p>

<p>Allu Arjun (born 8 April 1982) is an Indian film actor who primarily works in Telugu cinema. After playing as a child artist in Vijetha and as a dancer in Daddy, Arjun made his adult debut in Gangotri.
Arjun then appeared in Sukumar's debut film Arya. His role in Arya was his breakthrough, earning him his first Filmfare Best Telugu Actor Award nomination and he won a Special Jury award at the Nandi Awards ceremony, two CineMAA Awards for Best Actor and Best Actor Jury and the film was a critical and commercial success.
He next starred in V. V. Vinayak's Bunny playing Bunny, a college student. Critics praised his mannerisms and dancing.His next film was A. Karunakaran's musical love story Happy. He then starred in Puri Jagannadh's action film Desamuduru, in which he played the role of Bala Govindam, a fearless journalist who falls for a woman with a darker past.
Career beginnings (2001–2008)
After playing as a child artist in Vijetha and as a dancer in Daddy, Arjun made his adult debut in Gangotri.
Arjun then appeared in Sukumar's comedy Arya. His role in Arya was his breakthrough, earning a first Filmfare Best Telugu Actor Award nomination and he won a Special Jury award at the Nandi Awards ceremony, two CineMAA Awards for Best Actor and Best Actor Jury and the film was a critical and commercial success.
He next starred in V. V. Vinayak's Bunny playing Bunny, a college student. Critics praised his efforts, mannerisms and dancing. His next film was A. Karunakaran's musical love story Happy. He then starred in Puri Jagannadh's action film Desamuduruin which he played the role of Bala Govindam, a fearless journalist who falls with a woman with a darker past.
Further success and experimentation of genres (2008–2013)</p>




<p>Arjun at the audio launch of Eeram
His next film was Bhaskar's Parugu, where he played the role of Krishna, a happy-go-lucky guy from Hyderabad who helps his friend to elope with his love, only to experience the wrath of the woman's father and the emotional struggle he felt. idlebrain.com wrote: "Allu Arjun is pretty excellent in the first half as the characterization in the first half is vibrant and needs loads of energy. He carried the entire first half on his shoulders. He excelled in the emotional scenes in the second half."
After playing in a guest role in Shankar Dada Zindabad, he starred in Sukumar's psychological action drama Arya 2. He played the role of Arya, an orphan who is behaviourally sick in that he is consumed with possessiveness for his friend Ajay, who never accepts him. Sify wrote: "Allu Arjun is full of energy as the guy caught in the powerful current of love. Though he plays the part with negative shades, his characterization could evoke a lot of sympathy from the audiences. His dances are mind-blowing and he excels in emotional scenes." idlebrain.com wrote: "Allu Arjun is perfect as Arya. His character in the movie has the qualities of a psychotic and he portrayed the character flawlessly. He shined in emotional scenes in the second half of the movie. Allu Arjun is probably the best dancer of current era in Tollywood. That is the reason why he made hugely difficult dances appear fluid and effortless in the first four songs of the movie."
Arjun starred in two experimental films in 2010. The first was Gunasekhar's Varudu. Rediff wrote: "Allu Arjun has put in a competent performance, subdued when necessary and volatile when needed." While Rediff stated: "He's a good dancer and does justice to his role." His next film was Krish's Vedam.
His next release was V. V. Vinayak's action film Badrinath. He played the role of Badri, a warrior who is assigned to protect the shrine of Badrinath by his Guru, to whom he is very loyal. The movie completed a 50-day run in 187 centers.
After Badrinath, Arjun appeared in the film Julayi, an action comedy that released in 2012. Arjun played the role of Ravindra Narayan, a street-smart yet spoilt brat whose life takes a drastic turn after he becomes the witness of a huge bank robbery. The Times of India wrote: "Allu Arjun puts in a confident performance as the loveable rogue. It's a role that is right up his alley and he carries it off with a characteristic panache. He lights up the screen with his dancing in particular, pulling off some pretty challenging dance moves." He was nominated for the SIIMA Award for Best Actor.[citation needed] He later starred in Puri Jagannadh's action thriller Iddarammayilatho, playing Sanju Reddy, a guitarist with a dark past. The Times of India wrote: "True to his tag of "stylish star", Allu Arjun looks trendier than ever before. His character of a guitarist, who is a street performer in Barcelona, was at its best sketchy, and looks completely different from his previous films. He once again proves that he is a good actor and probably because of the action director's meticulous planning, he makes perfect expressions in all the fight scenes."</p>


<A HREF="TOP">TOP</A>